# Samples

The following is a list of provided samples:

*Note: The example allows to input a custom pipeline, but only the default pipeline is tested.*
1. **gstlaunch**: Plays back video given a pipeline.
*Note: The example allows to input a custom pipeline, but only the default pipeline is tested.*
3. **openal**: Plays back audio on page click, using audiotestsrc and openalsink.
4. **videotestsrc**: Plays back a video test pattern (generated by videotestsrc) and displays it using [sdl2sink](https://github.com/fluendo/gstreamer/blob/gst.wasm/subprojects/gst-plugins-bad/ext/sdl2/gstsdl2sink.c).
5. **webcanvassrc (animation)**: Displays a simple JavaScript animation on an HTML canvas streamed via webcanvassrc to a GStreamer pipeline using WebAssembly.
6. **webcanvassrc (webcam)**: Captures webcam video in the browser, draws it to an offscreen canvas, and streams it to a GStreamer WebAssembly pipeline for real-time display using SDL2.
7. **codecs (webcanvassink)**: Plays an H.264 video streamed from the web using GStreamer and WebCodecs, rendering it to a browser canvas
8. **codecs (webdownload)**: Streams an MP4 video from the web using GStreamer in WebAssembly and saves the decoded video frames to disk
9. **webtransport**: Streams data sent over WebTransport/QUIC with quinnwtserversink using datagrams.
10. **webtransport-streams**: Streams data sent over WebTransport/QUIC with quinnwtserversink using streams.
11. **webtstreamsrc**: Uses the JavaScript fetch API to request data from a URL and streams it into buffers.
12. **audio-decoder**: Plays ACC audio streamed from the web using GStreamer and WebCodecs codecs.
13. **codecs-avdec-h264**: Plays an H.264 video streamed from the web using GStreamer and the FFmpeg decoder (avdec_h264) codec, rendering it to a browser canvas
14. **gstinspect**: Provides the output of GStreamer's `gst-inspect-1.0 -a`, showing all available plugins.
